In-Person Meetings:

Feb. 11: (Payton, Agustin, Varsha)
  First meeting to discuss ideas and plan what we wanted to do for the overall project.
  
Feb. 15: (Payton, Agustin, Varsha)
  Decide to go with the fitbit idea and start planning more details.
  
Feb. 25: (Payton, Agustin, Varsha)
  Plan out details and the aspects of the website we wanted to implement for the app. Separated short-term goals and long-term goals.
  Knew some aspects would be second-day implementations but still there incase we finish early and want to include them. Decided on 
  the database, and front-end/back-end development. (MongoDB, Pug, and Node) Assigned individual assignments to get started.
  
March 27: (Payton, Agustin, Varsha, Justin)
  Plan out all APIs and make sure we are implementing every aspect of the project. Put together the final details to prepare for prototype
  demonstration done in class next. Check in on each individual to make sure we are getting done our individual parts.
  
April 3: (Payton, Agustin, Varsha, Justin)
  Made checklist to follow and plan for when we want everything finished and completed. Assigned each individual to the last
  aspects that needed to be finalized and implemented. Made a goal to finish final project by the week before it was due. Anything
  following thstat week would be to make last minute changes and test everything out.
  
April 24: (Payton, Agustin, Varsha, Justin)
  Final week to finish everything. Made to-do list for the project which assigned each person a part to finalize every day from Tuesday
  to Sunday. Main things to finish were fitbit integration, testing, and compilation.
  
May 1: (Payton, Agustin, Varsha)
  Pre-presentation meeting to make sure that everything was good for the demo. All last minute changes were completed.

Meetings/Dicussions through Social Media:

  Many of our discussions were done through our group message and we just needed to make sure that we all communicated what we had
  done when we would check in with each other. Varsha's computer is where all of the compilation was done so if a group member finished
  their assignment it would then be sent by email to varsha to add to the final project code.
